(Yuya)
Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! Arc‐V"...
I duel tomorrow, against someone
from the Leo Institute.
A Leo duelist?
Which one?
Some guy named
Shay Obsidian.
(gasping)
See for yourself.
(Yuya)
That guy?
(Zuzu)
He's dueling
for Leo now?
You say you're
willing to duel me,
but only if I enter
the championship?
Correct.
That event will help us
to single out those duelists
who are the best
of the best...
to join my fight
against Leo Akaba.
You're battling
your father?
He's also our
common enemy
and I will stop at
nothing to take him down.
Sora Perse.
Got it.
♪
♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best
one day and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance ♪
♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you will
pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
(loud chatter)
(woman)
This Championship's
been amazing!
That last duel was so exciting
I'm still shaking from it.
(man)
And they're
only getting started!
(man)
If the competition's
already this fierce,
the match ahead
will blow us away!
Right‐‐ These duelists
are even better
than last year's!
I can't wait to see
this next duel.
It's time for
today's third mega match up!
It's You Show School's
Sora Perse
versus Leo
Institute's Shay Obsidian.
Ladies and gentlemen, give it
up for Sora and Shay!
Oh, yeah!
Sora!
C'mon, Sora!
You can make
it three in a row!
Let's go, You Show!
We are the best!
Better than
the rest!
And I'm gonna prove it by
putting on the best show ever
and taking down the
competition!
You Show
is the best!
You Show is the best!
Yeah Sor‐‐
There's our
friend.
I can't believe Shay's
dueling for the Leo Institute
after all the drama
he had with Julia.
The whole thing
doesn't make sense.
Shay was the one who attacked
Julia's professor
and all those
LID students.
Julia wanted
to make him pay.
I've never seen anyone so
determined to take someone down.
I don't know what happened
between them in that duel
but when I saw that Shay was
dueling for Julia's school,
she acted like nothing
was ever wrong between them.
Julia, I know you don't like
me and all, but I gotta warn
you!
There's this
guy named Shay
who infiltrated LID's
tournament team!
Shay's been at
the institute all year.
He was in my Advanced Dueling
Linguistics class last semester.
It's as if something happened
to totally change Julia.
Like someone's been
messing with her memories...
You're right.
Something weird's
definitely going on here.
I saw Shay take on Leo
students first hand.
More Leo thugs!
This is my
lucky day.
Okay, what's going on?
That could be
the guy we're after!
I Xyz Summon!
(roaring)
(screaming)
That Xyz Monster
Shay summoned...
It knocked me around
like it was real or something.
Sora, be careful, don't
let your guard down!
Don't you worry!
Just sit back, relax
and enjoy the show.
It's my turn
to entertain you.
We created these Pendulum
Cards just for you.
Take them, Shay.
You should be able to do
more with them than Sylvio did.
I don't
need them.
Hey, get
back here!
He should've taken those
cards you made him.
It's fine, Claude.
For now I prefer to
assess his duel skills
rather than see how our
Pendulum Cards perform
in another field test.
The third match of
the day is about to begin!
So watch as our Action Field
spins, spins, spins!
Looks like we'll be
battling in Neo Heartland
City!
What?
What better setting
for a duo of duelists
leading the way to
the future?
And now, let's
get to the action!
Neo Heartland City
activate.
(computer)
Augmented reality
combat system energized.
Generating Action Field.
♪
Isn't it beautiful?
It's like we're inside a
science fiction movie,
right Frederick.
Ja!
It gives me goose pickles...
from the future!
The only way this place
could be any sweeter
was if it was
made out o'candy,
but the crowd seems to
be eatin' it up,
so I guess I'll make the best
of it 'til I win the duel.
Ready?
I knew this would be a
perfect setting for him.
I don't understand
Mr. President.
Well you might say, this field
is a present from me to Shay...
to help him get his
game face on.
What's
the matter, Shay?
You feeling sick
or something?
You wanna take a break
an' duel later maybe?
Don't worry about me,
just worry about yourself!
Fusion Summoners like
you deserve no mercy,
and none will
be shown!
♪
Okay, let's
start the show.
Get ready, you guys!
The biggest duel of
the day is coming your way!
Get ready, you guys!
The biggest duel of the day
is coming your way!
So cheer for me
like you did for Yuya!
(Skip Boyle)
Let's go Sora!
(Yoko)
Win and I'll make you
Lollipop Pancakes!
Show'em who's boss!
Yeah, Sora!
You know it!
I'm super pumped!
(crowd cheering)
I got my fans
stoked, Shay.
You should do the same.
What's wrong?
Now's your chance.
Don't you want your
fans psyched up?
We're in
show business...
Gotta create
excitement.
Amp up the
entertainment value.
Blow it up?
(wind rustling)
All right,
then I'll do it.
It's time for
the big show!
If you want it,
lemme hear you!
"""We want the big show,
let's go!"
(Crowd)
We want the big show,
let's go!
We want
the big show, let's go!
We want the big show,
let's go!
And now, the time has
finally arrived for...
(all)
Action!
Let's Duel!
(computer)
Action cards dispersed.
(Nico Smiley)
The field is ready,
the crowd is ready
and duelists are ready for
the third magnificent match
of the day!
Your fate is
now in your hands.
Then I'll start
the show.
It's my pleasure to
introduce a cuddly star
direct from my hand, my
friend, Fluffal Bear!
(crowd)
Cute!
Just wait,
there's more!
If you think this
one's cute,
just wait'll you
see what's coming next!
When Fluffal Bear's
front and center,
I can summon this little
barnyard buddy to join it.
And since I have two,
they're twice as nice!
I'm summoning out
two Fluffal Sheep!
(crowd)
Too cute!
I think the crowd's
pretty happy with that.
Now, it's your
turn, Shay.
Make sure you summon out
some real headliners.
Let's make this the funnest
show anybody here's ever seen!
The funnest show
they've ever seen?
The days of dueling for
fun no longer exist
for me and my friends.
Dueling is
about survival.
The joy and happiness,
the sounds of people
laughing and cheering.
It was all taken
away that day,
replaced with a
deafening silence.
Nothing could have
prepared us.
It happened
too quickly.
They just showed up,
they wrecked our city,
changing our lives
forever.
The enemy took everything
away from us.
(Sora)
What city?
Who was
this enemy?
I don't know what
you're talking about.
Yeah, Gong don't
know either!
Don't make sense.
I think I know what
he's talking about!
Bring it!
Shay, no!
This won't
solve anything!
I told you
before.
This isn't
our battlefield!
You have to
trust me.
This isn't the way
to go about this.
You better believe
it's a battlefield!
What does
that mean?
I'm not sure,
but maybe dueling
is more than just fun
and games to him.
He sure is acting a
lot more intense
than the Shay
we're used to.
Yeah.
But when you
think about it,
what do we really know
about him anyway,
like where's he from?
Way to bring
the house down.
I summon three of
the cutest monsters ever
so I can get the crowd
all jazzed up
and you come on like the
world's biggest Debbie Downer.
Man, you're a real
spoil sport.
We're following two
major duels here, dude.
We gotta work hard if
we're gonna top those!
I can't do
it alone!
Teamwork was the only
way we could survive.
(Sora)
Here we go...
We stood true against
the overwhelming odds
but to no avail.
Countless were
taken on that dark day.
So are you gonna
duel or not?
Oh, I'll
duel all right.
I summon Raidraptor
Vanishing Lanius!
It's that
same monster!
Now time to battle.
Raidraptor
Vanishing Lanius,
swoop in and take out
his Fluffal Bear!
I loved that bear!
(crying)
Nice, but my Bear's not
gonna be gone for long.
Courtesy of my trap
card, Fluffal Crane!
Not only does it give
me my Bear back,
but it also lets
me draw another card!
You better think fast, Shay,
if you wanna keep up.
Oh I'm not too
worried about that.
I activate
Raidraptor Symbol.
Since my Raid Raptor
battled your monster...
I can add a Raid Raptor
to my hand.
So I choose...
Another Raidraptor
Vanishing Lanius.
Since I already
summoned a Raid Raptor,
Vanishing Lanius
earlier this turn...
my second Lanius joins
it on the front line!
But this time...
I summon it
in defense mode.
Well, you move fast.
But it doesn't matter how
many monsters you line up.
I'm still gonna
beat you.
We'll just
see about that.
I end my turn.
(Nico Smiley)
Well, the duelists have both
brought out dual duel monsters
with the same name!
Looks like they're
evenly matched, so far!
But they're just
getting started.
Who knows what
will happen next?
The mighty
match‐up between Sora Perse
and Shay Obsidian
has begun,
but which warrior
will walk away the winner?
That's an easy one.
The winner's gonna wind up
being whoever dueltains best!
And I'll do whatever it
takes to make sure that's
me!
Now, it's
my turn.
Let's do this!
First up, I summon a monster
that's sheer delight.
Edge Imp Sabres!
This monster's special ability
lets me swap
a Fluffal monster
on my field with a different
Fluffal monster in my hand!
Now watch what
happens
when my super‐cute
little lamb gets sheared!
His beary's back!
Awesome!
The bear's
my favorite!
It looks really
cuddly!
I hope
the sheep's okay!
Since Fluffal Sheep
returned to my hand,
its special ability let's me
draw a card from my deck.
And the card I got is
the sweet spell Polymerization!
(groaning, gasping)
Ladies and gentlemen,
it's showtime!
Sora's sounding a lot
like his teammate, Yuya Sakaki!
The spotlight's his....
You know, I think he
really looks up to you, Yuya.
Give yourselves a hand,
duel‐tastic crowd.
You deserve to witness
my primo Fusion Summon!
Oh, please.
That You Show show off
is so smug.
I can't wait to
watch him get schooled.
Just you wait.
The real showstarts
right now.
I'll begin by fusing Edge Imp
Sabres with my Fluffal Bear!
Edge of sharpness
and fury of bear!
When the two come together,
you had better beware!
I Fusion Summon!
Here it comes!
It's the most unbearable
monster you've ever seen...
It truly is a cut
above the rest!
Frightfur Bear!
Man, that monster
really looks sharp!
It makes me want
to cut a rug!
All right, let's
go on with the show!
Frightfur Bear,
attack!
Ach du lie‐Bear!
The Bear just cut
away 900 life points!
Frightfur Bear does so much
more than just pummel and pound!
It can equip itself
with whatever monster
it just destroyed!
So now Vanishing Lanius's
attack points
get added
to Frightfur Bear.
That Bear is scary
strong now!
I activate the trap
Raidraptor Return!
Now the Raid Raptor
that was destroyed
comes back to my hand!
That was
too easy.
It was like he was waiting
for that to happen.
Gong does not
like this guy one bit.
I'd guess I'd be
disappointed
if you didn't keep
the show interesting.
I place one card
facedown.
Your turn, Shay.
(Nico Smiley)
What a performance!
These players are going at it
toe to toe, blow for blow!
As soon as Sora performs
a masterful maneuver,
Shay turns the tables
to even things back up!
That's what
you think...
I don't think it's much
of a duel so far.
I haven't even
broken a sweat yet.
Shay's about as fierce
as this lollipop.
And we've seen what
I can do to a lollipop!
Though I'm guessing beating
you will taste a whole lot
sweeter.
Losing wasn't
an option.
Against an enemy
with overwhelming power...
It took everything I had just to
defend myself and pull through.
(man)
What's up with
this guy?
(woman)
What's he
talking about?
But without an
organized resistance,
we struggled just
to hang on,
even as our numbers
shrank and hope faded.
It was adesperate time.
But we learned
somethingimportant.
If we wanted tostay
free, we had to win.
Only the ones who
held on,
the ones with an
absolute iron will to win
had half a chance of making
it through to duel another day.
You're about to get
a demonstration
of what I'm
talking about,
of what it takes to win,
because you Sora
are about to lose!
Prepare yourself...
Because the end
is coming!
I summon Raidraptor
Vanishing Lanius.
But I'm not done yet,
not in the least...
On the turn this card
is successfully summoned,
I can summon another
Vanishing Lanius!
Aw, man, now he's got a flock
of those things on his field.
Oh, no.
This is just
like last time.
I overlay my three Laniuses
to build the Overlay Network!
From the shadows, the falcon
soars on wings of courage,
talons ready
for the rebellion!
I Xyz Summon!
Witness the assent of
Raidraptor Rise Falcon!
No doubt
about it.
That's the same
monster as before!
The one that took out
LID's top duelists!
(Zuzu)
But how?
It could barley
beat a fly.
This is what
you come up with?
You can't be
serious.
Deadly serious.
Raidraptor Rise Falcon can
attack each of your monsters...
I said the end was
coming and it's here!
You can attack
all my monsters
and it won't make any
difference, Shay.
It only has
100 attack points.
That kid thinks he's got
it all figured out.
He'll see how wrong
he is soon enough.
Rise Falcon'll teach him a
lesson he'll never forget.
Be careful, Sora!
It's dangerous!
Yuya, don't worry,
I know what I'm doing!
I activate Rise Falcon's
special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
it gains the attack points
of every monster
on your field.
That's a serious
amount of attack points!
Sora's monsters are
about to get shredded!
(gasping)
Raidraptor Rise Falcon
attack with
Ravaging Rebellion!
(gasping)
That sheep didn't
hurt anyone!
(screaming)
(Yuya)
That monster's
too dangerous.
It blew away those
LID students
and left real damage and now
Sora's gotta face it, head on.
He's gotta be careful!
(Nico Smiley)
Incredible!
Unbelievable!
Fluffal Sheep
and Frightfur Bear
annihilated with a
single attack!
Will Sora be able to stand
up to this aerial onslaught?
I place two cards
facedown and end my turn.
Now my Rise Falcon's attack
points return to normal.
But the way you're playing
that shouldn't make a
difference.
Looks like you finally figured
out how to put on a show.
But you better get ready
for some plot twists...
and I'm sure you
won't like the ending!
(laughing)
♪